---
layout: post
title:  "2016"
date:   2016-01-01 16:14:00
categories: self
---
I am not one to make New Year’s resolutions. in the past when I tired the only thing I achieved was a 100% failure rate. However at the beginning of 2015 I did make a promise to myself that I would get back at doing the things I loved that I abandoned over the last five years. I hadn’t stopped doing them completely but I did not fully commit myself to them which often left them feeling more like chores. I have always loved reading and running, to me there is nothing better then reading a good book or going for a long run, both leave me with great sense of satisfaction and joy.

So January 1st, 2015 I set out to read 100 books and run a half marathon, to which as of December 31st, 2015 I have achieved. Final tally, I read 103 books and ran the 2015 Niagara Falls Half Marathon  and restored my love for both. It was truly a great year in books, I discovered so many new authors and explored different genres that I never thought to have before. I could go on with all the things I learned and have taken with me but what is truly remarkable to me is what amazingly creative people we have roaming among us. No matter how many books I read as I finished that last sentence my first thought was always wow what talent.

So since I accomplished what I set out to do in 2015 where does that leave me for 2016? One thing that I wish I had done this year was write reviews of the books, I started to do that early on using social media but was not consistent, I feel like I did a disservice to the authors and to fellow readers. So this year I will use this blog to review all 150 books that I am planning to read, yes that is right I am upping the ante and going for 150. And since I am riding the wave of success besides reading a 150 books, I am going to grow this blog, work on writing better and consistently, run a full marathon and take more time for myself.

So before I rush off to start reading, here’s to a wonderful New Year full of promise, books, health and new adventures!!
